[DOC] Add configure organization section. (#12874)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/hosting/administration/create-organization.rst

   #. Select :menuselection:`Create or join --> Join``
   #. Paste the **bootstrap link** from previous step
   #. Follow the instructions to create the first user of the Organization.

Configure an Organization
=========================

> Possible configuration options are :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Possible configuration options are:
```

> - ``user_profile_outsider_allowed``: to allow or disallow external users on the organization (default: true)

Reviewer 2: IMO definition list displays better than bullet lists.

Also, link to the corresponding sections: 

```suggestion
``user_profile_outsider_allowed`` (default: ``true``)
  To allow or disallow users with **External** profile.
  See :ref:`User Profiles <doc_userguide_manage_organization_profiles>`.

```

> - ``user_profile_outsider_allowed``: to allow or disallow outsider users on the organization (default: true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``user_profile_outsider_allowed``: to allow or disallow external users on the organization (default: true)
```

- ``active_users_limit``: the maximum number of active (i.e. non revoked) users on an organization (default: None i.e. unlimited).

>   This settings does not account for external users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``active_users_limit`` (default: none)
  The maximum number of active (i.e. non-revoked) users. 
  By default, the number of active users is unlimited.
  The limit does not apply to users with External profiles (which are always unlimited).
  
```

  When deleting a workspace this is the minimum delay between the moment the deletion is planned and when it is effective.

>   This settings does not account for external users.

Reviewer: Why is this specified? Is this because external users can't be workspace owners?

Author: Nice catch it was supposed to be in the `active_users_limit` section

>   When deleting a workspace this is the minimum delay between the moment the deletion is planned and when it is effective.

Reviewer 2: Link to the section
```suggestion
``realm_minimum_archiving_period_before_deletion`` (default: `2592000`, 30 days)
  When a user :ref:`deletes a workspace <???>`, this is the minimum amount of 
  time (in seconds) that must pass before the workspace is effectively deleted.

```

> - ``tos``: Locale and url to :abbr:`ToS (Terms of Service)`. Every user that connects to the organization will have to accept them.

Reviewer 2: I would describe the syntax here (btw the key is a _language code_ more than a full _locale_).

~~~suggestion
``tos`` (default: none) 
  This option allows you to specify a custom set of :abbr:`ToS (Terms of Service)` that users will need to accept in order to connect to the organization.
  This is specified as a JSON object, with a language code as key, and a link to the term of services in that language as value. For example:
  ```json
  { 
    "fr": "link-to-tos-in-french.pdf", 
    "en": "link-to-tos-in-english.pdf"
  }
  ```

~~~

> They can be set during organization creation or latter with a PATCH request.

Reviewer 2: I would reference to the previous section and specify that this is only available via the REST API (not the CLI).

```suggestion
They can be set using the REST Administration API, either during organization creation (step 3 above) or later with a `PATCH` request.
```

Here is an example using :command:`curl` and :command:`jq`:

> .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: console
```

>   $ DATA=$(jq -n --arg organization_id "neworg" --argjson user_profile_outsider_allowed false --argjson active_users_limit 5 --argjson tos '{"fr":"127.0.0.2/tos"}' --argjson realm_minimum_archiving_period_before_deletion  600 '$ARGS.named' -c )

Reviewer 2: A couple of things: 
- I would format a little bit, since one-line is not so easy to read
- Value for minimum archiving period (10 minutes) seems more like a test than a real-case scenario IMO, what about 10 days?
- TOS is confusing, since users would never/rarely have access to the resource in localhost. We should either use a clear placeholder or maybe just the `$SERVER_ADDR` which is already used in previous sections.
- Idem for organization id, use $ORGANIZATION_NAME

```suggestion
  $ DATA=$(jq -n \
  --arg organization_id $ORGANIZATION_NAME \
  --argjson user_profile_outsider_allowed false \ 
  --argjson active_users_limit 5 \
  --argjson tos "{\"fr\":\"$SERVER_ADDR/tos-FR\"}" \
  --argjson realm_minimum_archiving_period_before_deletion 864000 \
  '$ARGS.named' -c )
```

>   $ curl ${SERVER_ADDR}/administration/organizations/neworg -H "Authorization: Bearer $PARSEC_ADMINISTRATION_TOKEN" --request PATCH --json $DATA | jq

Reviewer 3: **issue:** Find another way to pass the token

The recommended command effectively put the token in the shell history which is a no-go

Author: It's the same way it's done in the creation part :/ Do you have any suggestions on how it should be done ?

(In the examples that use the CLI it's specified as `--token=s3cr3t` )

Reviewer 2: The example in the previous section was taken from a guide made by Jerome for specific user. I agree with @FirelightFlagboy we shouldn't encourage this kind of approach.

I suggest: adapt step 2 above (in the creation part) to replace the 
```
Otherwise you can define an PARSEC_ADMINISTRATION_TOKEN variable 
and use it below
```
by something like
```
Otherwise create the file now with the PARSEC_ADMINISTRATION_TOKEN variable 
and load it so you can use it below.
```

Then use the same approach here.

>   $ curl ${SERVER_ADDR}/administration/organizations/neworg -H "Authorization: Bearer $PARSEC_ADMINISTRATION_TOKEN" --request PATCH --json $DATA | jq

Reviewer 2: Format for easier reading
```suggestion
  $ curl ${SERVER_ADDR}/administration/organizations/$ORGANIZATION_NAME \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $PARSEC_ADMINISTRATION_TOKEN" \
  --request PATCH --json $DATA | jq
```

   #. Select :menuselection:`Create or join --> Join``
   #. Paste the **bootstrap link** from previous step
   #. Follow the instructions to create the first user of the Organization.

Configure an Organization
=========================

> Possible configuration options are:

Reviewer 3: **nitpick:** Would be better to link to the generated openapi documentation.

But the generation does not work for now (cc @mmmarcos) (it's provided by FastAPI)

Reviewer 2: It was fixed on master, but not yet in production (nor pre-prod). 

The problem is is based on pydantic models and the administration API does not uses them a lot for the moment, so the docs are not so useful right now. 

I suggest leaving it as-is here until the generated API docs have a better look (I will create an issue for that)

``user_profile_outsider_allowed`` (default: ``true``)
  To allow or disallow users with **External** profile.
  See :ref:`User Profiles <doc_userguide_manage_organization_profiles>`.

``active_users_limit`` (default: none)
  The maximum number of active (i.e. non-revoked) users.
  By default, the number of active users is unlimited.
  The limit does not apply to users with External profiles (which are always unlimited).

> ``realm_minimum_archiving_period_before_deletion`` (default: `2592000`, 30 days)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``realm_minimum_archiving_period_before_deletion`` (default: ``2592000``, 30 days)
```

  When a user :ref:`deletes a workspace <userguide_delete_workspace>`, this is the minimum amount of
  time (in seconds) that must pass before the workspace is effectively deleted.

``tos`` (default: none)
  This option allows you to specify a custom set of :abbr:`ToS (Terms of Service)` that users will need to accept in order to connect to the organization.
  This is specified as a JSON object, with a language code as key, and a link to the term of services in that language as value. For example:

>   .. code-block::

Reviewer 2: I think it needs an empty line before, otherwise it renders the code-block text

<img width="828" height="160" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b0ac90f6-0fae-4e5a-9dfa-129c882482f2" />

```suggestion

  .. code-block:: json
```

    {
      "fr": "link-to-tos-in-french.pdf",
      "en": "link-to-tos-in-english.pdf"
    }

> They can be set using the REST Administration API, either during organization creation (step 3 above) or later with a `PATCH` request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They can be set using the REST Administration API, either during organization creation (step 3 above) or later with a ``PATCH`` request.
```

Here is an example using :command:`curl` and :command:`jq`:

.. code-block:: console

  $ DATA=$(jq -n \
  --arg organization_id $ORGANIZATION_NAME \
  --argjson user_profile_outsider_allowed false \
  --argjson active_users_limit 5 \
  --argjson tos "{\"fr\":\"$SERVER_ADDR/tos-FR\"}" \
  --argjson realm_minimum_archiving_period_before_deletion 864000 \

>   '$ARGS.named' -c )

Reviewer 3: **polish:** 
```suggestion
    --arg organization_id $ORGANIZATION_NAME \
    --argjson user_profile_outsider_allowed false \
    --argjson active_users_limit 5 \
    --argjson tos "{\"fr\":\"$SERVER_ADDR/tos-FR\"}" \
    --argjson realm_minimum_archiving_period_before_deletion 864000 \
    '$ARGS.named' -c )
```

>   $ curl ${SERVER_ADDR}/administration/organizations/$ORGANIZATION_NAME \

Reviewer 2: nit: would add an empty line before to better distinguish both commands
```suggestion

  $ curl ${SERVER_ADDR}/administration/organizations/$ORGANIZATION_NAME \
```

  -H "Authorization: Bearer $PARSEC_ADMINISTRATION_TOKEN" \

>   --request PATCH --json $DATA | jq

Reviewer 3: **polish:** 
```suggestion
    -H "Authorization: Bearer $PARSEC_ADMINISTRATION_TOKEN" \
    --request PATCH --json $DATA | jq
```
